guys what's first lesson in poker never
bet on the app no I'll leave emotion at
the door
that's right Topher today's lesson how
to draw out the bluff that much money
this early in the game I'm saying he's
holding nothing better than a pair of
face cards bear animal don't dumb game I
will see your 500 and I will raise you
another 500 of my own that's a very
handsome bet Josh but be careful we
don't want to push him too high too fast
and keep him on the leash Holly call
call oh and I'll call I'll see you 500
rage at 2,000 guys you're free to do
what you like it's a lot of money I'm
staying in he's trying to buy his way
out of his bluff
Josh to call let's see him sure what
four nines does with the A's I think is
pretty high dude next to the tip on
Connor
[Music]